1.  Introduction 
- This data includes two CSV files: Order.csv and Details.csv
- Order.csv: This data file provides basic customer information including five columns of information respectively 
as follows: Order ID, Order Date, Customer Name, State and City
- Details.csv: This data set provides more detailed information because it includes seven Cute data respectively 
as follows: Order ID, Amount, Profit, Quantity, Category, Sub-Category and Payment Mode
In the Order.csv file, this data file provides basic customer information, including the order number when the
customer placed the order, the date of order, the customer's full name, the state and city where they live. 
This data file takes information from the country of India, so it can be seen that the names, states and cities are 
all traditional, famous places in India and the customer's full names are also Indian names, they are people of origin, 
born and raised in India since childhood.
- In the Details.csv file, this file provides more specific data than the Order.CSV file, they still keep 
the order number column but have added many columns, including six columns with six different values. The Amount value 
provides the total sales of that product, the Profit column shows the profit earned from that product, the Quantity column 
shows how many products are sold. Next is the Category column, this column describes the main categories, including 
three categories: electronics, furniture and clothing. The next is the Sub-category, including sub-categories, 
specifically 14 small sub-categories equivalent to the large sub-categories in the Category. Finally, the PaymentMode 
column describes in detail the payment methods that customers use when purchasing and ordering, this column includes 
five methods: COD, Credit Card, Debit Card, UPI and EMI
- These two data files collect information of Indian people which can be from retail platforms or e-commerce platforms. 
The information shows data about sales or orders or tracking the profits of the business

2. Conclusion
-  These two data files show the specific customer information that businesses collect through their sales.
- From this information, you can see customer purchasing trends, best-selling products, preferred payment methods, 
cities and states that tend to buy more, peak months that sell more than the rest, ... and many more discoveries.
- Through that information, you can predict customer trends as well as seasonal trends in order to draw lessons 
and businesses can come up with more suitable strategies for their sales work to promote best-selling products and 
increase communication during peak sales times.
